NOTE: This project is going to be repurposed from its original use as a water timer and into a general computing device for use in the garden. The original specs will be kept at the bottom of this document while new features and functionality will be placed from this point.

General ideas:
	A weather station monitoring device
	Control a video capture device and send output to main server pc
		Monitors progress to front garden and tracks wildlife that may enter
		Regular snapshots taken
		Detect motion


---------------ORIGINAL SPECS---------------

The aim of this project is to use an arduino microcontroller to water plants. The project will begin with basic functionality (water once a day for five minutes) with the intent to increase in complexity and functionality over time on a case by case basis (ie, design a function, implement it, test it and then push to the final main build).

The basic idea is as such:
	A reservoir of water contains a small 12v water pump which can be toggled on and off using a relay connected to the arduino. Using the millis() function to determine the time relative to when the pump was last used the pump is toggled on and off, once a day for five minutes at a time.
	
Current Functionality
	The arduino can turn a pump on and off according to specified time intervals which are hard coded into the program (MAX_PUMP_RUN_TIME).
	
Required items:
	Arduino
	Relay Switch
	Small DC Water Pump
	Power sources for 
	Poly tubing/sprinklers in garden bed or pot plants
	
Future features/Ideas
	Water level detection to ensure pump is not running while reservoir is empty.
	Variable dial to change pump flow rate (potentiometer connected to pumps power circuit).
	Implement more options regarding time to water and for how long. Date and Time functionality to program in what days and at what time to water. Soil moisture level to water when moisture level is below a certain point.
	The ability for the program to recognise separate watering stations and to water them independantly (using some sort of solenoid setup?).
	
